For conjunction
if two worlds share a value for a given attribute,
for all attributes that have the same value, we can assume that thos values are implications of eachother.
We create the cartesian implciation of those attributes.
The attributes cannot equal the same value in all worlds.
The attrubte implications are then evaluated against other worlds.
Example:
	if sky = blue
	then planet = earth
Occurrs in two worlds

Building disjunctive lists.
If two attributes equal the same values across two different worlds,
then the attributes can be said to imply one another.
Each attribute set carries relational weight for all kinds of relations.
Types of relation: 
- Direct-implication: When ATT1 = VAL-X then ATT2 = VAL-A, and, When ATT2 = VAL-A then ATT1 = VAL-X
- Disjunctive-implication:  When ATT1 = VAL-X or VAL-Z then ATT2 = VAL-A, or, When ATT2 = VAL-A then ATT1 = VAL-X or VAL-Z
- Conjunctive-implication: When ATT1 = VAL-X and ATT5 = VAL-K then ATT2 = VAL-A, or, When 

To prove Direct-Implication:
Attempt to find any world in whisch the implication is false.

To find Direct-Implication
	Find any two worlds in which the values of two attributes are the same for each attribute.
	For instance: World1: {planet:Earth, sky:blue, surface:brown}, World1: {planet:Pluto, sky:blue, surface:brown}
		Inferred Implication: When sky is blue then surface is brown, When surface is brown then sky is blue.

Validating a relationship between two attributes:

Building a two tier inference engine.
A set of rules is used to determine another set of rules.

For instance. If AttributeX = Value1 in all worlds.

Quantify evaluations.
"For all worlds an attribute (equals) a value"
"There exists some world in which an attribute (equals) a value"
"For all attributes in a world each attribute (equals?) some value"
"There exists an attribute in a world that (equals) some value"
"For any x worlds, an attribute (equals) a value"      ---x can be a number or quantifier such as "all" or "some"

Quantify Library


Inference Rules: